(R) How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?


It ignored text that didn't change.
It showed me the '-' and '+' lines that were different, and it was
easy to scan up/down between the 2 lines to see what had changed.


(R) How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Allows you to go back to working versions.
It allows you to try new ideas to see if something works, if it does great,
if not, you can go back to an earlier verion.

(R) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?


Gives control to the programmer. Programmer understandes logical breakdown so is
best to decide when to commit.
However, some people can wait too long to commit changes.


(R) Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?


Logical or functional features may require changing several files in order to 
implement the feature. e.g. new menu item, will effect menu layout, commands offered
and then code to implement the command.




(R) How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

You can use log, and read the entire list of changes to the files.
Or just the last 2,3 or more. Or just the first change.
You can diff any 2 versions of the file to see what changed.
There are many ways to use log and diff.




(R) How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?


It allows you to try something, quick and easy. If it doesn't work out, fine.

You can go back to the last known working code. It gives you a <RESET> or <REDO> button.




(R) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Develop and share code on github, with friends and open source projects


